In a dreamlike state
A moment held in our hands
Emanating love,
Your thumb glides across my skin,
Mine responds in kind, we're real

Love is a curious thing.
Who knows when it first came to light?
It’s like a butterfly that starts its life,
In a cocoon hidden out of sight.

As it emerges from its sheltered home,
Its ultimate form still unknown,
Its fuzzy face gives no clue,
As to the majestic beauty it will turn into.

Our love started as an innocent flirtation,
That turned into an infatuation.
Then our love grew,
Far beyond our wildest imagination.

Though the butterfly’s time will soon pass by,
Our love will forever fly.

Though a butterfly is with us,
For such a short time,
It’s not longevity,
That captivates one’s mind,
Its beauty is uncontested,
Its aerial ballet serene,
So thank you dear butterfly,
For seeding my dream

The sights of the stars and stripes,
Invoke in me a sensation of pride,
When I hear The Star Spangled Banner,
I’m besieged with chills running up and down my spine.
Because they represent the justice and freedom,
All Americans have come to enjoy,
But sadly, sometimes it’s at the expense,
Of the lives of someone’s little girl or young boy.

These brave Americans chose to serve,
But, unfortunately, not all will survive,
To revel in the accolades they so well deserve.
That’s why, on the last day in May,
We celebrate and pray;
Lord, please comfort the souls of our fallen heroes,
And God, bless our beloved U.S.A.

Drifting between love and hate
chained spread-eagled in a tug-of-war 
of extreme emotions pulling relentlessly;
her body aches ... her mind bubbling,
a boiling cauldron pleading for release.
In her parched throat a stifled scream
soundlessly quivers, then retreats
into the dark chasm deep within
cowering in the chilly dungeon
where her heart lies slowly bleeding.
Torn to shreds her dreams hang
in front of her misty eyes, blurred...
she struggles between the choice
of fire and water, courage and defeat.

A key turns...the door slams...footsteps.

His loud voice calls; her body trembles
as yet again she reluctantly succumbs 
to overpowering waves of helplessness...
silently she drowns in fearful anticipation

“We’ve never seen a more beautiful sunset,”
Is what the locals said.
We were blessed with a double rainbow,
And you kissed gorilla rock,
With a cone on your head.
Your bride’s mates were ornate foul,
And the unflattering picture of a floating pregnant woman,
Is etched in my mind even now.
These memories of when our life together began,
Until my days on this earth,
Will never come to an end,

Fire is an element and a fear,
But thankfully it's controllable and it's here.
It is a miracle and creator, 
And a destroyer and a slayer. 
Fire holds so much power,
It can burn to ashes something huge like a tower. 
But just like everything, it starts out weak,
And there is a chance to "kill" it before havoc it does wreak. 
But just you remember, don't get to close,
It just might burn something way worse than your nose.

So the day has come
The big two one
But age is not just the number of times
You’ve been around the sun
It’s a measurement wisdom gained
Before it’s all said and done

The sound of laughter,
The sound of silence,
The sound of discourse,
The sound of fear,
The sound anger,
The sound of anguish,
And the sound of happiness,
Are all sounds we must hear.

I hid my blame,
I hid my shame,
Didn’t want anyone
To even know my name.
I was a poor kid,
Never had enough,
So I put on a disguise
Now I can’t get it off.

I curse my ears,
When hear a baby crying,
Crying for food it is so desperately needing,
I curse my ears,
When I hear injustices ruling out,
Where wrong is assumed to be right without a doubt,
I curse my ears,
When I hear lies causing pain
And justifying the untruth for self-gain,
I curse my ears,
When I hear let’s kill people for God,
While bowing their heads with a righteous nod,
I curse my ears,
When I can’t hear the sounds of silence,
Because it’s being obscured by the clamor violence.

Can I lie to you, can I say you wear the most beautiful smile
Like I never saw my mama wear a priceless version on my graduation
Can I tell you your face holds that “Eureka” like I just discovered a living Mona Lisa
Just to get your ego high, and make you want to hear another lie
I can see that smile, am I getting there?
Am I close to satisfying your fantasy of a possible Mr. Right; the one you dream about every other night.
Hold on,
I just want to be your friend right; even though we both know I’ll be lying
What I want is an addiction which I clearly see in that beautiful body that you carrying.
I can’t take my eyes off you, now that’s some truth, but what I want to really take off you, is your clothes
Plan is to take your ‘T’ off just like tRUTH, and make you commit to me just like RUTH
Be your puppet and serve you with those twinkling smiles, then I’ll dim it the moment you serve me with your forbidden fruit.
Now I can brag to my niggas that I had you; easy take, I took away your honor
You gave all your heart sweetheart but that’s still a tight corner
I got to make more room; so it’s time to find another
Babe see; what a man cherish is what he never had; do you need a prove?
Check your history; Mona Lisa on display attracted a skillful thief
So please believe, the true man for you is not the one you enticed to come closer
But the one you hide but still burn the torch to find you in your saddest hour
The devil’s teasing; "you should have listened to daddy prodigal daughter"
There’s no turning back, that’s why I didn’t write this for you; you already traded your dignity of a perfect wife
For a perfect party girl fake niggas applaud; they want a ride
Now you worn out, your brake paddles are all out, that’s why you crushing
Fake nigga is out there laughing, and no one cares, for only Christ can do that saving without collateral damages incurring
But you not even looking cos your focus is on another man, girl you pathetic
Get your contacts and stay focus, this is no Disney world; this a world of snakes and deceptive magic 
Now you feeling all uneasy; to yourself you asking, ‘Gosh is he talking about me?’
Girl that’s a definite no!
I’m only shaping a bullet proof vest to invest nine lives in my unborn daughter;
In case she comes across a straight bullet from a lying tongue; now that’s my selfish truth

Don’t sleep,
Keep your thoughts on a thousand miles of repeat.

Cry and listen to your heart die,
Sigh as you unintentionally let life pass you by,
You can try to defy,
But it’s unmovable, unlike time.

Don’t sleep,
Why the fuck are my thoughts stuck on repeat.
	
It’s not my fault,
No matter how hard I try I can’t seem to bring my worries to a halt.
	
Stay up,
Although it’s late, she doesn’t give a f*ck,
Hi my name’s Anxiety and I can make your life truly suck,
And I’m also willing to consume your mind for a quick buck, 
I also won’t hesitate to call you on any of your bluffs,
And only I can say exactly when it is that you’ve had enough,
You’re weak and I’m tough,
I haven’t put you through quite enough for you to say that you
have had it rough,
I’ve already moved in just tell me where to put my stuff

One day spawns the next,
As on life one reflects.
That dusk begets the dawn,
As life goes on,
You don’t need a thinking cap,
To avoid this apparent trap

I’m guilty of being a dreamer.
I look at things and ask how they can be better.
If anger and greed where not the norm,
It would be easier to endure this tempestuous weather.
It’s true a utopian society is only a scheme,
So join me in my night and day dream

In most electronic devices
Now it's a must have
Total addiction
Every bit of information is public
Research is way faster 
No one needs it, though
Easier way to do everything, just look it up
This is the thing of the future

Suffering friends told Robert he oughta
take a shower every week--"you gotta."
But he said a month was fine
more often would waste his time.
Now Robert is persona non grata

anticipation mounting with alarming power
proving to be an amazing shower 
heavens open showing growling demons 
boy bravely listens and shakily imagines 

mother runs to comfort her coddled child 
who never experienced thunder in wild 
She begs him to watch the developing storm
as the two sat caught in a mini swarm 
boy shakily ignores and says scared of booms and buzzing bugs..   
so instead they run inside and she surrounds him in hugs 

I remember him wen I was seven
And now he watches me from heaven
Blessing me from up there
Spiritually giving me all the care
I miss him when the world becomes unfair
Cause his heart was something that was very rare
I miss the way he used to kiss my cheeks and cuddle my hair
My own Dad was beyond any compare
And for that reason
I love U fathers everywhere

Oh! Do see and behold
Of  mother and womb
The writings on the wall 
Crouching about the world so high
Their presence you can't deny

Is Your faith  draining now?
As doubt begins to wain
The writings on the wall
Lovingly, you carass his hand
And usher him into silence 

Many hands, worthless maids
Greater casualties of war
The writings on the wall
Life begins to fade, oh dear child of God  
your eyes have lost their light

Angst of shallow ,lonely breathes
Tears that scar my hide
The writings on the wall 
Candle-slacken voice, light has faded

The writings on the wall
Poverty of war, cost was my one inheritance 
Searing, blisters of pain
Hallelujah 
Emptied-out in a crowd
Chanters of my dispair

I’m never one to loll in bed
Unless I’m feeling sick.
A couch or chair would always be
My lounge or reading pick.

At times I’ll do a sofa sprawl
When glued to the TV
But only when I’m ailing is
The bed the place for me.

Of late, a virus and a cold
Have dropped in unannounced
So here I am in bed, my normal
Lounging spots renounced

She was a little tense

The notice made no sense

I saw a little hermit crab

His coloring was oh so drab

It’s hard to see the butterfly

Because he flies across the sky

Hear the honking of the goose

I think he’s angry at the moose

His red sports car is just a dream

It needs no gas, it runs on steam

The children like the ocean shore

We want to leave but they want more

I made the cookies one by one

I hear the bell, so they are done

My cat, she likes to chase a mouse,

Especially one that’s in the house

Lightening, thunder, all around

Soon the rain falls on the ground

I tire of writing poems and rhyme

I think I need vacation time

Be not the first by whom the new are tried,

Nor yet the last to lay the old aside.

’Tis education forms the common mind,

Just as the twig is bent, the tree’s inclined.

O could I flow like thee, and make thy stream 

My great example, as it is my theme!

Singing he was, or fluting all the day;

He was as fresh as is the month of May

I have the measles and the mumps,

a gash, a rash and purple bumps

You say today is...Saturday?

G'bye, I'm going out to play!

I think that I shall never see

A poem lovely as a tree
